Hello. This repository mainly includes the codes for our website that is meant to improve and enhance the time management, studying efficiency, and overall academic performances of students.
If you wish to add more ideas or contents to the code itself to further improve the website itself, you may do so by switching to editor mode. Take note that only add the necessary which will be used to improve the website, again.
We're going to need a lot of HTML files. Here are the following necessary files: about.html, homeworks.html, pomodoro.html, relax.html, quizzes.html, flashcard.html, compete.html, and contact.html. Also, all of the styles used in each html file will only be coded in one single css file named style.css which is already in the repository. The JavaScript codes will have a lot of files respective for each function. The file script.js is all for functionality in the website. However, for the other pages within the website, they will each have their own JavaScript files. I will handle the backend stuff while the other coders of the group will be the ones to create the frontend. I had already created and deployed a MySQL database to railway.com, which is where all of the data and tables for the backend will be stored. Now as for the backend node.js, I haven't deployed it and connected it to the database since railway deployment for node.js needs a hobby plan, and I'm currently using a free plan. I've already proposed for money contributing to pay the monthly plan for me to create and deploy the backend to railway. 


Home page update: The home page of the website has been updated, from designs and graphic UI, to layout responsiveness and logic. Update was released on January 23, 2026.
